Just something about you
The way I'm lookin' at you whatever 
You keep lookin' at me
You gettin' scared now, right?
Don't fear me baby, it's just destiny 
It feel good right? Listen 

I kind of noticed, something wasn't right 
From your colorful face
It's kind of weird to me Since you're so fine
If it's up to me your face will change 

If you smile then that should set the tone
Just be limber 
And if you let go the music should groove your bones 
Just remember 
Sing this song with me

Ain't nobody love you like I love you
You're a good girl and that's what makes me trust ya (hey!)
Late at night I talk to you
You will know the difference when I touch you

See people are so phony 
Nosy 'cause they're lonely 
Aren't you sick of the same thing?
They say so and so was dating 
Love you or they're hatin'
When it doesn't matter anyway
'Cause we're here tonight 

If you smile then that should set the tone
Just be limber, baby
And if you let go the music should groove your bones 
Baby just remember 
Sing this song with me

Ain't nobody love you like I love you
You're a good girl and that's what makes me trust ya (hey!)
Late at night I talk to you
You will know the difference when I touch you

Yeah, you know I can make ya happy 
I could change your life
If you give me that chance to be your man
I won't let you down baby
If you give me that chance to be your man
Here baby, put on my jacket 
And then
 Maybe we'll fly the night away (I just wanna love you baby)
Girl (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Maybe we'll fly the night away (I just wanna love you baby)
Girl

Ma, what chu wanna do?
I'm in front of you
Grab a friend see, I can have fun with two
Or me and you put on a stage show
In the mall kids ask "how the chain glow?" Point to her they say, "wow, it's the same glow" Point to me I say, "yeah, it's the same dough"
We the same type, you my a alike 
You have me sleepin in the same bed every night

Go ride wit me you deservin' the best
Take a few shots let it burn in your chest 
We could ride down pumpin N.E.R.D. in the deck Funny how a few words turn into sex
Play number 3, joint called "Brain" (I just love your, brain)
Ma, took a hint, make me swerve in the lane
The name Malicious and I burn every track Clipse and J. Timberlake, now how heavy is that?
 Maybe we'll fly the night away (I just wanna love you baby)
Girl (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Maybe we'll fly the night away (I just wanna love you baby)
Girl

Ain't nobody love you like I love you
You're a good girl and that's what makes me trust ya (hey!)
Late at night I talk to you
You will know the difference when I
 Break it down
You know, I used to dream about this when I was a little boy
I never thought it would end up this way, drums (hey!)
It's kind of special right? yeah
You know, you think about it Sometimes people, just destined  Destined to do what they do
And that's what it is
Now everybody dance